bg 1
music
FC: BZFV;...
BZFV;...?
BBFV; I still... exist?
music emotion
SB: BAFA; My word. You are quite the anomaly, Future Crab.
FC: BAFJa; Space Bark! You can... talk?
SB: BCFBe; Well, it seems that in our many years apart from each other, you've picked up the doglish language.
BEFAe; What a treat it is to finally talk with you.
FC: BMFJd; I would love to have a simple chat, but...
BAFFd; My existence here is perplexing.
BBFH; Is this reality, or the hallucination of a lonely old man?
SB: BBFBa; Hmm, well, how do I put it...
BDFDb; I 'may' have an answer. But is it worth destroying the timestream if I happen to be wrong?
BHFFa; A leaf in the wind, detached from the tree of time- what implications does it carry?
FC: BDFJ; It turns out, you're actually quite the chatterbox.
BWFDa; It may have been a while, but I do remember the best way to cut to the chase with these things.
BPFB; A battle.
music fightA
fight 63839
music retro6
SB: BEFA; I suppose no harm can come from talking, can it?
BAFAd; My hypothesis is that you must have some unfinished business.
FC: BUFDa; What are these, ghost rules?
BAFJd; I have to fulfill some kind of condition, to move onto the afterlife?
BZFV; One where I... cease to exist?
SB: BEFAe; I wouldn't worry about that, Future Crab. The future has already been altered!
BCFBc; Think of you being here, with your current personality, sense of self, and memories...
BBFBb; As a sort of... bonus.
BDFDa; Plus, when you finish your business, I'm sure the other crabs will take you on in battle, anytime!
FC: BMFFa; So what, I simply exist here, along with my past self, and my old friends?
BWFJe; What's the catch?
SB: BAFAd; As long as there are players willing to play, the game will go on.
BAFAg; After that, who knows?
FC: BVFDb; Well, in that case, for the 'rest of the game', I'll make the most of my time.
BAFA; Starting with our simple chat. I've always wondered, how do you walk using only four legs?
SB: BEFAa; It's tough, but I manage it, somehow. It all started when I was a young pup...