bg 3
NC: BF; Ladder Wizard the Third. I've come to talk.
LW: BF; Hmm?
BF; Aughh! It's you again!
music emotion
NC: BF; You're disgusting. Not only for restarting the Star Seekers...
BF; But for spreading it's vile ways to the youth of today!
BF; My poor cousin has been infected by the poison of your ideologies.
music
LW: BF; Slow down, slow down! You lost me at the beginning.
BF; Did you say, 'restart'?
music emotion
NC: BF; Oh, please. You of all crabs should know your family history.
LW: BBFU; I, uh, don't though.
NC: BF; Don't play dumb!
BF; It was YOUR grandfather, Ladder Wizard the First, who started the original Star Seekers.
BF; But he wasn't satisfied with that, was he?
BF; A menace to all, he tore down all other expedition groups, just to climb the social ladder.
BF; Thanks to his underhanded tricks, he earned the uncouth name, 'Ladder Wizard'.
LW: BF; Wow, THAT's where my name comes from?
BF; Makes more sense then actual ladders, I suppose.
NC: BF; Ladder Wizard the First's behavior spread to the others.
BF; A true 'crabs in a bucket' situation, the once Star Seekers collapsed quickly.
BF; But it did not end there.
BF; That destructive, nasty behavior spread to nearly every crab.
BF; Except one - my grandfather, Ninja Crab the 81st.
LW: BF; EIGHTY FIRST?! How many Ninja Crabs have there been?!
NC: BF; His willpower and watchful eye slowly healed the galaxy.
music fightB
NC: BF; Until YOU showed up, wanting to re-open the wounds your grandfather caused. 
BF; So fight me, so we can end this generational feud!
LW: BF; Wait! Stop! I'm not a part of this! I don't know anything about this stuff!
music fightB
fight 63157
music fightB
NC: BF; Your words, they are true.
BF; You fighting style nothing like your grandfather's underhanded tactics.
LW: BKFXa; Yeah, I told you that already.
BF; The Star Seekers were Space Crab's idea. I never even met my grandpa!
NC: BF; So the forming and naming of both groups... is coincidental?
LW: BF; Yeah, ha ha! I guess so.
NC: BF; I'm still unconvinced.
exit 2
BF; Though I feel that I will find my answer soon...