bg 1
music retro1 1
SC:BGFH; Come on... pick up...
BEFA; Hey! Space Ned? It's me, Space Crab.
Remember last week, when I let my ship get destroyed by meteors?
BEFJ; It, uh, happened again.
BEFA; Do you think you can tow it? Get the repairs started on it?
...
What?! What do you MEAN your Tow UFO was ALSO destroyed by meteors?
Well, this really sucks.
I'll figure something out, for now.
Yep- sounds good, I'll call if I need anything else. Bye.
*beep*
...
BLUAUGH.
RC:BBFA; Whoa, another wayward traveler?
Did you come here too, when you heard that SICK bass drop?
SC: Bass drop? That was my ship exploding!
My ship that I spent hundreds of coins fixing!
And I'll have to collect them all again!
RC: My man, money shouldn't treated as an obstacle-
Only as an enabler for the greater joys in life!
SC: 'My man', your 'pep talk' isn't working.
RC: Well then, how about a quick battle to clear your mind?
SC: Wait- battle HERE? Like, with our claws??
RC: No way, man. We'll each take our own planet, yeah? Survival style.
We use crashed meteor bits to send over attacks, and extra meteors too.
First one to get hit three times loses. Simple, right?
SC: I get it. Sure, let's blow off some steam!
music fightA 1
fight 18463
music retro2 1
SC: Hey, that was pretty fun! Thanks for showing me how to battle!
RC:BJFS; N-no problem! (This guy's STRONG!)
How did you learn to weave a meteor storm so well?
SC: Well, I have a bit of practice.
I explored TONS of planets to get enough coins to repair my ship.
...More than once.
RC: No way, you're THAT Space Crab?! Every crab out there has heard of you!
You must have seen everything in the stars by now! 
SC: Seen everything? Not even close.
There are so many wonders out in space- new discoveries, new challanges, new music...
I've never had a problem I couldn't solve by seeking out the stars.
RC: ...DUDE.
That was downright poetic, man!
Especially that part at the end- 'seeking out the stars'.
You got me more hyped than any party I've been to in the last two years!
Can I join you, in your 'star seeking'?
SC: Huh? Join me?
RC: Y'know, I bet if you gave that speech to other crabs, they would totally join too!
Everything's better with more crabs! A 24/7 party! The biggest posse in the galaxy!
SC: Woah, slow down. The biggest in the galaxy? I'm not sure about that.
(That would be pretty cool, though.)
A posse, huh? To explore the galaxy together?
I'm a fan of that idea.
Sure, let's do it! Today is the day that the Star Seekers oficially form!
Our mission: to explore the cosmos and discover it's infinite wonders.
RC: Outrageous, dude! I'll go around and see who wants to join the galaxy's biggest party!
exit 2
SC: This might be cool! I'm getting excited.