bg 4
music retro6
SC: Ladder Wizard! You've got the portal spell ready?
LW: Ready to cast at your go-ahead!
SC: Chrono Crab! Have enough time power to reach into the future?
CC: You must doubt me! I'm overflowing with enthusiasm and capability!
SC: Ninja Crab! Do you- wait, what are you DOING here?
NJ: A warning, Space Crab.
Time is dangerous - altering history has consequences we can't imagine.
CC: Don't listen to him, Crab of Space - with this spell, time will be yours to malleate!
SC: Ninja Crab...
I have to do this. For the sake of the Star Seekers. For the sake of all of us.
NJ ...very well.
SC: Ladder Wizard! Chrono Crab! Let it RIP!
exit 1
se spell
LW: Casting!
se special
CC: Time-ing!
exit 2
music
se explosion
CRAB-SPLOSION
LW: cough, cough
CC: How exhilarating! Truly tumultuous!
NC: Is everyone all right!?
SC: It looks like it. But where's the portal?
NC: No portal... but it looks like we have a visitor.
FC: ...
SC: Who... are you?
music dungeon
FC: I am... Space Crab.
SC: That's impossible! Unless...!
CC: My my, you must be my Starlight Rival... from the FUTURE!
FC: Starlight Rival? I haven't heard that in a long time.
Long ago, I started an expedition team. I think they were called... the Star Seers.
LW: Wow, Space Crab, you started ANOTHER team after the Star Seekers?
FC: Star Seekers- that's what it was. My memory is hazy - this was all so long ago.
SC: Long ago? What happened?? I need to know!
FC: You remind me of me- I used to that fierce energy. That all changed, though.
I had just formed the Star Seekers. But my fear got the better of me.
I asked my two great friends- Ladder Wally and Chronos Crab, to help me see the future.
But a figment of my future life visited, instead- he warned me that the Star Seekers would crumble.
I didn't believe him, of course. So I challenged him to a battle - big mistake.
My future self beat me so badly. I lost control of myself, everyone fled. 
Every Star Seeker, who I worked so hard to build trust with- became scared of me, and disappeared.
Since then, I've lived a life of isolation. I'll end my life like I started it. Alone.
SC: NO! That can't be my fate! I REFUSE!!
FC: Your fate? What do you mean? Say, you kind of look like-
music retro6
!
So, it was YOU who started all of this!
You ruined our lives! Doomed us to push everyone away!
SC: N-no I didn't!? Did I?
FC: And now I finally get my chance for revenge, a one-on-one pummeling.
Two lonely souls, finally getting a chance for fleeting connection- even if it's with ourselves!
SC: Not so fast! I'm not alone anymore.
The crabs I've met- I won't forget their stories, like you have.
I'll fight for the connections, I'll fight for the Star Seekers, I'll-
music fftf
I'LL FIGHT FOR THE FUTURE!
music fftf
fight 91219
music fightB
SC: I'll keep fighting! Whatever it takes to change my fate!
FC: Stop- cough -you've bested me.
How strange, that the events that transpired here, contradict my memory.
Were you truly strong enough to change the future?
Time will tell.
music
fade 2
SC: !
SC: What!? Where did he go?!
NJ: Your timeline has altered. This 'Future Crab' is no longer of this reality.
How he eventually materializes- that's up to you, Space Crab.
music dreamsdie
SC: ...
Then I guess all we can really do is move forward, then. Mistakes and all.
I won't be able to see my future and live to experience it, too. That's clear to me now.
All we can do is work towards our dreams, and do what we can to keep them alive!
NC: Well put. Onwards to our legacy!
LW: You said it. I'll be around for the journey, too!
KC: And of course, I'll be the one leading said journey. OHOHO!
CK: We'll be needing some sweets for the trip, no? Allow me to contribute.
HW: Wait, how long is this trip again? I'll check that I have the vacation time...
TX: Hold on! My taxi can't fit all of you! Don't travel too far.
TP: No worries, dude! We'll just jog there, it'll make for a good warmup.
CB: C'mon, Team Player, you know me- I'm not the athletic type.
RC: Play some party music, that'll get everyone in the mood to move!
SB: Woof!
MC: Are you all NUTS?! I'm NOT walking the whole time. 
KN: Some discipline would do you well, boy. You're walking.
AL: Also, I checked your contract. We have no obligation to provide transportation.
TC: I'm looking forward to the journey. Let's put our skills to the test!
IJ: Well put, Woody! Let's set our sights on adventure.
RL: Hey, can someone help me carry my gear? We gotta have some tunes for the road.
HL: Find the inner strength to carry your own necessities. Wimp.
FC: Wow, this is way more crabs than the Star Destroyers. It'll take a long to get everyone's stuff packed...
CR: Heeeyy, maybe that kawaii clock looking guy can speed things up for us! ^_^
CC: No can do, eyedoll. Casting that spell knocked me clean out of juice!
We've got a long time to wait before we make another play THAT big.
SC: Good thing that we've got all the time we need!
The story of the Star Seekers - and the rest of our lives...
It starts now!