bg 4
music retro5
SC: BF; It's over, Chrono Crab! Crabyss Knight told me everything.
CC: BF; That 'knight' in shining armor, who can barely finish a sentence without breaking into monologue?
SC: BF; Yeah, him. He said that you're trying to harness the evil powers of space, for no reason besides greed!
CC: BF; And what of it, rival? Afraid that you'll lose our eternal battle?
SC: BF; I don't CARE about the rivalry anymore! Just don't destroy the universe!
music
CC: BF; You- you WHAT?!
music tomato
BF; Don't care about the rivalry? For what other purpose are we to do this?!
SC:BF;  Listen. I finally found something to fight for, besides myself.
BF; The partners I've made along the way - they trust me to guide them to a brighter future.
BF; You're not going to take that away with your stupid schemes!
CC: BF; Listen here! If you want to stop me, then you WILL take the mantle of my Rival!
BF; My terms and conditions are the conditions to be termed!
SC: BF; Then... I guess there's no other choice! Fight me head on, Starlight Rival!
CC: BF; With pleasure!
music fightB
fight 92328
music fightA
CC: BF; This is the full might of your Star Seekers?
BF; A crab, his spell boy, and a rickety old suit of armor?
BF; HA! How small! Only three of you! HA!
SC: BF; Not even close, Chrono Crab.
BF; We've got a whole legion working together - we're back and better than ever!
1F: BF; (Hey, boss, he isn't lying.)
BF; (I don't think you can take on ALL of the Star Seekers.)
CC: BF; (Excellent fact verification. Not to worry, I will make sure that the Star Destroyers prosper!)
1F: BF; (Wait, why are we called that, again?)
exit 2
CC: BF; (There must be a way to best him... SOMEHOW...)
!
BF; Crab of Space! Based on your information, we may be unbalanced in numbers.
BF; Favoring myself, of course. But I have a solution!
BF; Allow me, and my accomplices, to join your ranks!
SC: BF; You'll - what? Huh? 
CC: BF; This way, our rivalry will no longer be reliant on numbers! Only our fighting strength and passion prevail.
SC: BF; Uh, yeah, I guess that makes sense? Will you stop trying to take over the galaxy?
CC: BF; Of course, you whelk. If it doesn't help me to defeat my Starlight Rival, what use is there in doing?
SC: BF; I... can buy that for now. Maybe. Well, welcome to the Star Seekers.
CC: BF; My pleasure!
BF; (And as we lie in waiting, the final piece of my dominance is set to bloom shortly...)
BF; (My pleasure, indeed!)