Tier 1: Major Major Story Stuff
1 - Space Crab
5 - King Crab
11 - Ninja Crab
15 - Rave Crab
16 - Mad Crab
21 - Chrono Crab
22 - Space Crab 2

Tier 2: Important to the Larger Story
2 - Ladder Wizard
3 - #1 Fan Crab
14 - Crabicus
17 - Holy Crab
18 - Al Legal

Tier 3: A Bit Important
4 - Top Crab
6 - Inianda Jeff
9 - Team Player
10 - Rock Lobster
12 - Crab Cake
19 - Space Barc
20 - Crabyss Knight

Tier 4: Downright Silly
7 - Taxi Crab
8 - Hawaiian Crab
13 - Cranime
23 - Future Crab

Arc 1: Idea of the Star Seekers (1-5)
Space Crab
Ladder Wizard
#1 Fan Crab
Top Crab
King Crab

Arc 2: Forming of the Star Seekers (6-13)
Inianda Jeff
Taxi Crab
Hawaiin Crab
Team Player [Drafted]
Rock Lobster [Drafted]
Ninja Crab (formal end)
Crab Cake
Cranime (Bonus)

Arc 3: Destruction of the Star Seekers (14-16)
Crabicus
Rave Crab
Mad Crab

Arc 4: Rebuilding of the Star Seekers (17-23)
Holy Crab
Al Legal
Space Barc
Crabyss Knight
Chrono Crab
Space Crab 2
Future Crab (Bonus)


Team Player's Story:
PART 2:

Inianda Jeff: Ah! A fellow explorer of the cosmos, pleased to meet you!
TP: The cosmos? The only thing I've been exploring is the limits of what my body can achieve!
Though, if an explorer is all the way out here, then there must be something worth seeing.
Did you see anything impressive? Maybe I can make it a new training spot!
IJ: Ah, another eager explorer! Glad to see the spirit of discovery is alive and well.
Normally, I would share my exploits without hesitation. However...
What I discovered was a truly dangerous place.
Strange visions, reflections of the soul, and meteor superstorms. No crab is safe there.
TP: Meteor SUPERSTORMS?? Sounds like the place to take my skills to the next level!
IJ: Alas... I doubt there is a crab alive who's safety could be assured. 
Well... aside from him...
TP: Let me prove myself! A one-on-one match, if I win, you tell me where it is.
IJ: Ah, well, who am I to get in the way of an adventurer's spirit? Let's begin!

GAMEPLAY: Vs. Inianda Jeff
IJ: The exploratory spirit is alive an well within you!
As promised, let me point out the constellations which guided me there.
...
TP: Ah, I see now! Thank you sir! If this place is as promising as you say, you'll get a special shoutout in my marathon victor's speech.
Team Player leaves.
IJ: I hope that youngster is ready to take on... the Mirror Dimension...
...
Ahh, he'll be fine!

PART 3:

TP: This is the place!
It smells... metallic?
Not a deterrent!
Back to the training plan...
Next, I'll up my meteor dodging count by 10.
Go in, get my 60 dodges, and keep going as long as I can.
Here goes nothing!
TP jumps into the bottom of the screen.
Chrono Crab (CC): Wait! Don't go in there!

GAMEPLAY: Score 60 in mirror mode.

TP: Whew! Now that's a challenge!
Moving 12 legs instead of 6 is tough, but I feel so coordinated now.
It's starting to get late though- maybe I should pack it in for the night.
??: You IMBECILE!
TP: Huh?

PART 4:

TP and CC enter
CC: How MORONIC must a crab be to WILLINGLY dive into a DEATH TRAP??
TP: Sorry, sir! I heard how intense the meteors were, and had to see it myself.
And the training conditions did not disappoint!
Are you the coach of this dimension?
CC: Am I the... what?
TP: That explorer mentioned you- he said you're strong enough to stay in that dimension as long as you want!
Will you PLEASE train me? I need to get stronger!!
CC: ... (disgust)
... (evil smile) (music starts)
How about this, Player of Teams...
While my talents are slightly more... chronological...
You can train under me... IF you can defeat me in battle!
TP: Yes! Of course! Thank you for the opportunity!

GAMEPLAY: Vs. Chrono Crab
TP: Wow, you're as strong as they say! I can't wait to train under you!
CC: surprised (This kid is potential overflow! A perfect addition to our ranks...)
CC: Yes, it is encouraging that you could take on 15%... no... 18% of my total strength.
CC: Come now! Let me introduce you to your... 'team-mates'.
TP: Awesome! At this pace, first place in the planetary marathon is mine for sure!!

Rock Lobster's Story:

RL: Sound check, sound check, one, two, one, two...
...Alright! Sound levels are good!
*ah-hem*
HEELLLLOO GALAXY!
??: ...
RL: Are you ready for the concert of a lifetime!?
??: ...
RL: ...anybody?
??: ...
...
Woof!
RL: All right! We've got ONE lucky listener out here!
SB: Arf. Arf!
RL: Not to worry, you four-legged freak of nature. We don't talk in words here.
We talk... with music!
First up on tonight's setlist, my hit single, Crustacean Station!
One, two, three, four!
music retro4
vs SB (fight goes here)
music retro6
RL: You put up a good fight, furball!
SB: Woof woof! pants
Glad to have you in the audience.
Or ANYONE in the audience.
Where ARE all my fans, anyways?


RL: Moving on to our next song-
MC: Hey. Hey! HEY!
What's the big idea? Why so LOUD?!
RL: Oh, Mad Crab! Finally come around to my music, eh?
Ready to admit your LOVE for my sweet melodies~?
MC: Ready? I'm READY to RIP that guitar out of your claws and SMASH it on the ground!
Who gave YOU permission to ruin the peace and quiet?
RL: Wait. Did you not know about the concert?
MC: Of COURSE I know about the concert, you dolt. That's why-
RL: A madly in love fan, too ashamed to admit their feelings. How cliche~
MC: Quit it with the fantasies. You. Me. Fight.
When I win, you go.
RL: Hey, all good with me. I won't be losing with my next song.
Sunset Siesta, here we go!
I think you'll like this one, Maddy~
music retro5
vs MC (fight goes here)
music results
RL: Hey, a little lover's quarrel never hurt anyone, right?
MC: Ugh.
I specifically planned my trip so that I WOULDN'T be here for your nonsense.
You rockstars think you can make a ruckus wherever and whenever...
It makes me hopping MAD!
Just... let me go in peace.
...
And send me an MP3 of that song you just played.
leave MC
RC: Heh... I can read you like a book, Mad Crab.



RC: Still, it's a little weird that only two fans showed up.
The groupies didn't even bother to come?
...Not even Rave Crab? My fa-
??: Aaaahhh! Sorry I'm late!
TC: Really, TRULY, super sorry, sir.
RL: It's about time, Toppy! Where were you?
TC: Well, I was practicing my spinning for the Star Seekers, and I guess I lost track of time...
That's why I got here 58 minutes early instead of the full hour! Again, so sorry!
RL: You think you're EARLY? I've been playing without a stage this whole time!
Let's set things up before anyone else sees this embarrassment of a setup.
And our setup song? Shooting Stars into Dreams, REMix!
Let's go!
music ssidREM
vs TC (fight goes here)
music retro2
RL: Through all that chaos, we got the stage ready.
Nicely done! You must be working on your debilitating clumsiness.
TC: Haha, thank you... that means a lot, coming from you.
Since joining the Star Seekers, I've really been working to improve.
And thanks to that effort, we got the stage set up, just in time for the concert to start!
RL: Just in time? That's something I've been wanting to ask about...



RL: It's just all a bit strange.
TC: Hmm? What's that, sir?
RL: First, nobody shows up. Then, Maddy came by, saying that I shouldn't be playing.
And then, you claim to be EARLY, even though the concert's been going on for hours!
TC: Hours? HOURS? That can't be!
I triple checked my clock, watch, AND sundial before coming!
RC: Well, let me see your wrist, I'll check it a fourth time.
Oh.
Odd, you're three hours behind my watch!
TC: Hmmm... I might have a hunch why...
Have you heard of a guy named Chrono Crab?
RC: Chrono Crab? You mean my roommate?
TC: ...That explains it.
??: YO, Rock Lobster, are you gonna play or what?
RL: !
Is that...?
RC: We all came out to hear a rockin' show, time for you to deliver!
TP: Show 'em how it's done, Rock Lobster!
HC: You're my favorite part of any vacation!
LW: Rock-Lob-ster! Rock-Lob-star!
RC: Give the crabs what they want!
RL: Aww... you all...
OK!
I'll give you a show you won't forget!
My newest single, straight from the cosmic stardust...
Starlight Rivals!
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR!
music fightB
vs RC
music ssidREM
RC: That was incredible playing, Rock Lobster!
Best party I've been to all year!!
RL: Oh, you know it. Would you expect anything less from THE Rock Lobster?
RC: OH! I've got a radical idea!
Ever heard of the Star Seekers?
RL: Y'know, yeah, I have. I heard a groupie mention it earlier.
RC: Why not join? You can make it so the party never stops, wherever we go!
Constantly surrounded by your adoring fans- what do you say?
RL: For the fans? How can I say no?
Count me in, party-man.